Update recursion.markdown (#1428)
elixir-lang/elixir-lang.github.com: getting-started/recursion.markdown

}
```

> In the example above, we are mutating both the array and the variable `i`. Mutation is not possible in Elixir. Instead, functional languages rely on recursion: a function is called recursively until a condition is reached that stops the recursive action from continuing. No data is mutated in this process. Consider the example below that prints a string an arbitrary number of times:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example above, we are mutating both the array and the variable `i`. However, data structures in Elixir are immutable. For this reason, functional languages rely on recursion: a function is called recursively until a condition is reached that stops the recursive action from continuing. No data is mutated in this process. Consider the example below that prints a string an arbitrary number of times:
```

Reviewer: Good catch! However, we do have mutations in Elixir in some specific scenarios, so I think it would even be more precise to say our data structures are immutable. :) So I have amended it.  Thanks!
